[SQS] Sqs visibility timeout documentation (#7078)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sqs/configuration-options_visibility-timeout_sqs_[7.3,).partial.md

## Message visibility

> To prevent messages from being reprocessed while a handler is still executing, the transport automatically renews the message visibility timeout during processing. This is especially important for long-running handlers where the processing time may exceed the original visibility timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent messages from being picked up by other consumers while a handler is still executing, the transport automatically renews the message visibility timeout during processing. This is especially important for long-running handlers where the processing time may exceed the original visibility timeout.
```

Author: I am not sure if I'm a fan of "by other consumers" because parallel fetching on the same consumer can also lead to reprocessing technically. I think the unspecific reprocessed is better here.

> The transport calculates when to renew using the following logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transport calculates when to renew the message visibility using the following logic:
```

```text
buffer = Min(remainingTime / 2, 10 seconds)
renewAfter = remainingTime - buffer
```

> Renewal is triggered after renewAfter has elapsed since the last renewal. If the remaining time is less than 400ms the renewal is attempted immediately. This ensures the message visibility is extended consistently and early enough to avoid expiration, even under system load or scheduling delays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renewal is triggered after `renewAfter` has elapsed since the last renewal. If the remaining time is less than 400ms, the renewal is attempted immediately. This ensures the message visibility is extended consistently and early enough to avoid expiration, even under system load or scheduling delays.
```

> Renewal is triggered after `renewAfter` has elapsed since the last renewal. If the remaining time is less than 400ms, the renewal is attempted immediately. This ensures the message visibility is extended consistently and early enough to avoid expiration, even under system load or scheduling delays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A message visibility timeout renewal is triggered after `renewAfter` has elapsed since the last renewal attempt. The renewal is attempted immediately if the remaining time is less than 400ms. This ensures the message visibility is extended consistently and early enough to avoid expiration, even under system load or scheduling delays.
```

sequenceDiagram
    participant Queue
    participant Handler

    Note over Queue,Handler: T+0s: Message received
    Queue->>Handler: Deliver message
    Note right of Handler: Initial visibility = 30s (expires at T+30s)

    Note over Handler: Processing...

    Note over Handler: Schedule renewal at T+20s
    Handler->>Queue: T+20s: Renew (remaining = 10s)
    Note right of Queue: Extend visibility to T+60s (extended by 10s + 30s = 40s)

    Note over Handler: Schedule next renewal at T+50s
    Handler->>Queue: T+50s: Renew (remaining = 10s)
    Note right of Queue: Extend visibility to T+90s (extended by 10s + 30s = 40s)

    Note over Handler: Schedule next renewal at T+80s
    Handler->>Queue: T+80s: Renew (remaining = 10s)
    Note right of Queue: Extend visibility to T+120s (extended by 10s + 30s = 40s)

    alt Delayed renewal (remaining < 0)
        Handler->>Queue: Overextend visibility by abs(remaining) + 30s
    end

    alt T+300s reached
        Note right of Handler: Stop renewing
    end

    alt Processing completes
        Handler->>Queue: Delete message
    else Handler still running
        Queue->>Handler: Message becomes visible again
    end
```

> Message visibility timeout extension is a best effort operation and can fail due to several reasons like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message visibility timeout extension is a best effort operation and can fail due to several reasons including:
```

> - Larger clock skew between the client and the SQS service time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Significant clock skew between the client and the SQS service time
```

> - Network interruptions for longer periods of time between the client and the SQS service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Network interruptions for extensive periods of time between the client and the SQS service
```

- Backpressure from the SQS service due to throttling

### MaxAutoMessageVisibilityRenewalDuration

**Optional**

**Default**: `TimeSpan.FromMinutes(5)`

> This allows increasing or decreasing the maximimum time the message visibility renewal is attempted while the message processing still takes place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows increasing or decreasing the maximimum time the message visibility renewal is attempted during message processing.
```

> This allows increasing or decreasing the maximimum time the message visibility renewal is attempted during message processing.

Reviewer 2: The way I read this sentence is that the transport tries to renew for five minutes and then stops. How about the following:

```suggestion
This configures the allowed maximum message visibility timeout, after which the transport stops renewing the visibility. Amazon SQS supports a maximum value of 12 hours.
```

> By setting it to `TimeSpan.Zero` the message visibility renewal is disabled meaning the default message visibility time applies when the message is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting it to `TimeSpan.Zero`, the message visibility renewal is disabled, thus the default message visibility time applies when the message is received.
```

### MessageVisibilityTimeout

**Optional**

**Default**: `null`

> By default the transport acquires the message visibility timeout of the queue by reading the MessageVisibilityTimeout attribute. By setting an explicit value the message visibility timeout on the queue is overruled by the timeout specified in this settings that will be used on every receive request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the transport acquires the message visibility timeout of the queue by reading the `MessageVisibilityTimeout` attribute. By setting an explicit value, the message visibility timeout on the queue is overruled by the timeout specified in this setting which will be used on every receive request.
```
